#summary Usage of other options in menu item 10, File Info, Version & Update

= Other options = 
 * Menu option 10 Miscellaneous fun

 * Menu option f  File Information

 * Menu option h  Version information and listing of all functions

 * Menu option u  Check for updates



= Menu Option 10 =

Sub-menu for option 10. *Miscellaneous fun* consists of;
 # Check possible wordlist sizes (with same min-max length only).
 # Create a wordlist from a range of dates (datelist).
 # Strip SSIDs from a kismet generated .nettxt file.
 # Basic leetify options for wordlist.
 # Leetify/Permute wordlist (Gitsnik's permute.pl script)

----

*10.1 check possible wordlist sizes*

This is a small script to check what the size would be of a wordlist created with for instance 'crunch'.
It only calculates sizes based on the same min/max length of words.

You are prompted to enter ; 
 - the number of characters that would be used in creating the wordlist

 - the length of the words in wordlist (for instance 8, the minumum length for WPA)

 - the number of passphrases your system can handle per second
(you can leave this item blank) 

The script will then calculate the estimated number of lines/words in the wordlist.

If you entered how many passphrases/sec your system can handle, then it will also show you an estimate on how much time it would take to go through such a wordlist.(not the creation time)

Finally it will show the estimated size of the wordlist in Bytes through to Petabytes. 









= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages